You love this marriage again.
Is Laohuaji all right? How about setting off some fireworks?
Look at this. Today, the first officer of Yangzhou City holds a wedding ceremony,
After the blogger learned the news, he sent an envoy to come and bless him.
The messenger is about to arrive at Yangzhou City,
At this time, there was a lot of bad luck in the prison.
Princess knows that I am getting married,
The heart arranges itself and the messenger arranges the traps.
Husband, you really know how to make people happy.
Lao Lao, I want to ask you about this surprise,
My husband is a fool who works hard.
Actually, people don’t care about the fireworks.
As long as they treat you, it will be fine
I don't care what quarrel you have
Is there anything you can't do that someone from the royal family should come to visit?
Don’t ever think about seeing my son again in the future.
No matter how much you argue with me
Did I go too far when I was at home here?
You don't usually follow the street scene
Are dignitaries very close?
Because I can’t even achieve my son’s level?
You will no longer have me as a person from now on